-Home Row-
First you need to know the home row, the placement of your hands is seen here:
A: Pinkie,S: Ring Finger,D: Middle Finger,F: Pointer Finger,J: Pointer Finger,K: Middle Finger,L: Ring Finger,Semicolon: Pinkie

Let's practice to make sure you have the home row placement down.
Type each letter four times as it appears.

a,s,d,f,j,k,l,;

asdf,fdsa,jkl;,;lkj,fd,fds,jk,jkl

-Upper Row-
Now we're going to learn the row above home. The fingers that you'll be using for these letters are listed below:
Q: Pinkie,W: Ring Finger,E: Middle Finger,R: Pointer Finger,U: Pointer Finger,I: Middle Finger,O: Ring Finger,P: Pinkie

Let's practice to make sure you have the upper row placement down.
Type each letter four times as it appears.

q,w,e,r,u,i,o,p

qwer,rewq,uiop;,poiu,frde,rew,juki,uio

-Inner Row-
Next, we will learn the letters in the middle of the keyboard, examine the description of which fingers to use below:
G: Left Pointer,T: Left Pointer,B: Left Pointer,H: Right Pointer,Y: Right Pointer,N: Right Pointer

Let's practice to make sure you have the inner row placement down.
Type each letter four times as it appears.

t,g,b,y,h,n

ftgb,jyhn,jnhy,fbgt,tgb,yhn,nhy,bgt

-Lower Row-
Now to learn the row below home, take a look at the description of which fingers to use below:
Z: Pinkie,X: Ring Finger,C: Middle Finger,V: Pointer Finger,M: Pointer Finger,Comma: Middle Finger,Period: Ring Finger,Forward Slash: Pinkie

Let's practice to make sure you have the lower row placement down.
Type each letter four times as it appears.

z x c v m , . /

zxcv vcxz m,./ /.,m fvdc jmk, vcx m,.

-Extra Symbols-
Now we're going to look at the last couple of symbols, take a look at the description of which fingers to use below:
Left Bracket: Right Pinkie,Right Bracket: Right Pinkie,Apostrophe: Right 

Let's practice to make sure you have the extra symbols' placement down.
Type each letter four times as it appears.

[,],'

[]','][,[],][